README.md, before:

Jamie CI Docs
=============
This is the official documentation for Jamie CI.

Jamie CI docs are written and deployed using [middleman](http://middlemanapp.com/).

Development
-----------
1. Clone the repository:

        git clone git@github.com:jamie-ci/jamie-ci.github.com.git

2. Run the bundle command to install [middleman](http://middlemanapp.com/) and other dependencies.

3. Run middleman server

        bundle exec middleman server

4. Make changes as necessary. Please try to use markdown when possible.

5. Commit you changes on the `source` branch (default branch)

6. Deploy with middleman:

        bundle exec middleman build [--clean]
        bundle exec middleman deploy [--clean]


#### Style Guide
For styling information, visit [jamie-ci.github.com/developers/style_guide/](http://jamie-ci.github.com/developers/style_guide/).

Contributing
------------
Please see the [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/jamie-ci/jamie-ci.github.com/blob/source/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

If you're looking for ideas on what to contribute, please see [TODO](https://github.com/jamie-ci/jamie-ci.github.com/blob/source/TODO.md).

License and Authors
-------------------
- Author:: Seth Vargo (sethvargo@gmail.com)
- Author:: Fletcher Nichol (fnichol@nichol.ca)

Copyright 2012, Seth Vargo, Fletcher Nichol

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

First-pass rename of Jamie CI to Test Kitchen.

README.md, after:

Test Kitchen Docs
=================
This is the official documentation for Test Kitchen 1.0.

Test Kitchen docs are written and deployed using [middleman](http://middlemanapp.com/).

Development
-----------
1. Clone the repository:

        git clone git@github.com:jamie-ci/jamie-ci.github.com.git

2. Run the bundle command to install [middleman](http://middlemanapp.com/) and other dependencies.

3. Run middleman server

        bundle exec middleman server

4. Make changes as necessary. Please try to use markdown when possible.

5. Commit you changes on the `source` branch (default branch)

6. Deploy with middleman:

        bundle exec middleman build [--clean]
        bundle exec middleman deploy [--clean]


#### Style Guide
For styling information, visit [jamie-ci.github.com/developers/style_guide/](http://jamie-ci.github.com/developers/style_guide/).

Contributing
------------
Please see the [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/jamie-ci/jamie-ci.github.com/blob/source/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

If you're looking for ideas on what to contribute, please see [TODO](https://github.com/jamie-ci/jamie-ci.github.com/blob/source/TODO.md).

License and Authors
-------------------
- Author:: Seth Vargo (sethvargo@gmail.com)
- Author:: Fletcher Nichol (fnichol@nichol.ca)

Copyright 2012, Seth Vargo, Fletcher Nichol

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
